hey guys explanation pros here today
i'll explain the horror comedy film
titled scary movie
incoming spoilers
the film opens in a house
a woman named drew is popping some
popcorn when a mysterious man calls her
on the phone
the mysterious man tells drew that he
wants to know her name but drew is not
giving it he then tells the woman that
he wants to know her inside
then drew tells a page number out of
fear she later tells a mysterious man
that she will call the police but the
mysterious man tells her to check her
back door because it's not locked upon
rushing to lock the back door the
doorbell rings drew takes a bat and when
she opens the door she attacks
immediately however she attacked
children trick-or-treating
when she comes back to the house the
mysterious ghostface killer appears out
of every weapon that she can see she
chooses a banana because why not the
killer chases her outside the house she
decides to go toward death instead of
safety while she is running the killer
unintentionally strips her down to her
undergarments and she runs in a field
full of sprinklers while looking like a
model the killer finally catches her
stabbing her silicone breast drew then
sees her daddy and attempts to get in
front of the car but her daddy is too
busy to notice the killer finally kills
her
thank you so much for watching i'm
kidding afterwards cindy is in her room
bobby her boyfriend climbs up to her
room after this bobby hides because
cindy's father is at the door after
cindy opens it her father reminds her
that he will be gone for a while to meet
with uncle escobar he also reminds her
to destroy his stashes if there is a
raid after her father leaves bobby tells
cindy that watching the exorcist reminds
him of her and they then began to kiss
to get intimate when bobby tries to take
off cindy's underwear she gets shocked
by the electric fans around it that says
no true ass passing
the following day brenda tells her
brother shorty to go to class she tells
him that lunch is not a class after
brenda calls him dumb he tells her your
mother but they are siblings brenda then
meets up with her friend cindy they then
wait for buffy who immediately tears her
dress after her father leaves they then
walk together to school
they see multiple news reporters
reporting on drew's death however the
black reporters quickly leave because
drew is white
they then interview shorty and shorty
tells them that he told drew to run
afterwards brenda and buffy meet up with
their boyfriends ray and greg cindy asks
them if they have seen bobby but he's
not there yet despite living in the
trailer truck right beside the campus
the group then talks at the fountain
with cindy commenting that drew's death
is exactly a year after killing someone
a flashback is shown with the gang
together on a road trip while making
love greg tells buffy that he likes it
when she massages her butt but buffy
tells him she's not the one doing it
greg then admonishes rey while driving
greg climbs on top of the car meanwhile
bobby wants cindy to touch his male
member but when she's about to touch it
greg gets hit by a tree branch making
cindy falls first face to bobby's lap
cindy cannot stand because greg is
stepping on her as he gets hit by
multiple tree branches and a beast nest
in the ensuing chaos they hit a man
cindy wants to call the police but greg
reminds her that young boys don't last
long in prison to which rey agrees that
they should call the police while they
discuss what they should do with the
body the man stands like it's nothing
telling them that he's okay but no one
can hear him when he's about to leave
greg throws a bottle of alcohol hitting
the man in the head knocking him down
after placing the man inside the trunk
they go to appear to throw the man in
the water before they throw him off they
rob him first after throwing him greg
shouts at them to dig this secret to
their grave after cindy not saying the
words greg chokes her to an agreement
after the flashback the gang dismisses
this saying that they are not in a
horror movie after this the reporter
from earlier gail wants to know more
about what happened with drew she then
sees special officer doofy who is
buffy's disabled brother she then asks
doofy and in hopes of knowing more
information decides to get intimate with
him
inside the class cindy sees the killer
outside who runs towards the tree when
she looks away she then receives a note
that says i know what you did last
halloween but cindy wrongly imagines
another time because of this she gets
another note clarifying that it is about
the guy they killed cindy is then
assisted by doofy to the principal's
office to be interviewed by the police
after doofy leaves because he pooped on
his pants cindy tells the police that
she does not know anything about drew
after playing football the university
club hits the shower in the next scene
with ray joyfully leading them there
greg gets left behind because he has to
train
after training and showering he sees a
picture of his small male member
prompting him to go angry greg then goes
to his friends shouting at rey because
he thinks he is the one that planted
that picture he then shows them the
picture making all of them laugh cindy
then tells greg that she also received
the note which is why they should call
the police greg then tells cindy that if
she does that he will beat her up and he
does in the next scene buffy
participates in a pageant with cindy
bobby and greg watching at the balcony
after cindy and bobby leave buffy
performs acting as her talent she then
sees the killer behind greg while greg
is getting stabbed
buffy screams at the people before
leaving the stage but the audience
thinks she's acting because of this she
wins after learning she won she
immediately forgets about greg and
accepts the award afterwards cindy bobby
and buffy are confused about why greg's
body and blood disappeared
the killer is actually behind them
cleaning the mess in the next scene
cindy's taking a bath shaving her body
the killer then calls cindy on the phone
making her run to the front door after
locking it she receives another call
making her scream but the cameraman gets
too close to her face after answering it
the killer tells her that he will kill
her and that she will not find him
however cindy sees the killer's feet
behind a chair after knowing this the
killer then tells cindy to turn around
so he can hide again
cindy runs upstairs to alarm the police
by telling them she's white
the police immediately went to her house
bobby then emerges from the window to
come to cindy's aid however bobby drops
a few items from the killer making cindy
run for the door there she sees doofy
holding the killer's mask afterwards
bobby goes to jail the police
interviewed cindy about some pictures
and the pictures show the police officer
posing while wearing nothing but red
underwear
he then leaves meanwhile the other
police officer calls doofy to prank him
by making him smell their fingers doofy
retaliates by making them smell his
finger which came from his butt shortly
after buffy arrives telling cindy that
she will stay at their house
gail interviews cindy outside the police
station but she gets punched instead
when she comments on cindy's fat butt
meanwhile the killer calls shorty who is
stoned out of his mind they then
initiate a wazap on each of their phones
that night in buffy's house buffy asks
cindy if she thinks bobby is the killer
and cindy answer she does not know but
getting thrown an ice pack in the head
by doofy buffy's mother calls cindy to
tell her that someone is on the phone
for her when cindy answers the phone she
hears the killer's voice indicating that
it's not bobby she then leaves the house
the following day ray tells cindy that
bobby got out of jail shorty then
arrives to tell them that he has seen
this before in the movie scream cindy
then tells them that there will be a
gathering at their house shortly after
cindy bumps into bobby but cindy is
still afraid of him after bobby tells
her that she should move on with what
happened cindy runs away in the next
scene the girls have just finished
showering buffy mock cindy's fear of the
killer making the whole room laugh
except for cindy the teacher who is a
buff woman tells them some guidelines
because of this cindy approaches the
teacher in her room telling her she has
a terrible secret the teacher tells her
that all of us have secrets to which she
shows her balls
cindy is shocked by this making her
leave as fast as possible meanwhile
buffy is left alone in the girl's locker
room there she encounters the killer but
instead of being scared she acts as if
she's worried when the killer stabs her
buffy sarcastically tells the killer
that this is where she's supposed to
bleed she then mockingly runs around
before breaking her own leg after the
killer chops her head off buffy still
talks making the killer pound his head
the killer then throws off the annoying
head to the lost and found bin
afterwards a teacher is about to jump
while this is happening cindy gets angry
at the killer tempts the killer by
shouting what are you waiting for
because this the teacher jumps in the
next scene gail reports a live killing
frustrated by the camera the killer
chases both gail and the cameraman gail
then delivers a goodbye to the camera
like the blair witch project meanwhile
inside the cinema rey and brenda watch a
movie rey goes to the bathroom where he
gets killed by a male member passing
through a hole
brenda gets killed by the audience
because she ruins the movie by talking
loudly the killer doesn't even have to
do anything
afterwards there is a party at cindy's
house a fat girl tries to take some beer
from the garage but the killer appears
the girl then tries to fit through the
dog door by cat after getting stuck the
killer proceeded to lift the garage door
but it malfunctioned causing the garage
door to collapse
meanwhile the partying people do not
notice this with cindy even
participating in a chugging session
after bobby arrives a drunken sydney
invites him upstairs winking at him
after awkwardly sitting next to each
other cindy tells bobby that she's ready
bobby asks if it's a scene from a movie
to which cindy replies that it is real
life however bobby shows that it is
indeed a movie because there are people
on the set
they then kiss literally getting tongue
tied meanwhile shorty and his friends
turn an aquarium into a water pipe the
killer walks in on them but instead
joins a smoking session
the killer has funds with shorty and his
friends by prank calling they then
perform a rap with the killer spitting
some killer lines literally because he
killed shorty's friends shorty is
nevertheless impressed after their
lovemaking cindy asks bobby where he's
been thinking that he's the killer bobby
tells her that he did not kill buffy and
greg but cindy is surprised because she
does not know they are dead just then
the killer arrives at the room to kill
bobby
the killer then chases the screaming
cindy out of the room
after getting her gun a bloody bobby
emerges and asks her for her gun shorty
arrives at the scene to tell them there
is a killer and bobby shoots him bobby
reveals that it's just ketchup on his
shirt rey appears too with voice changer
indicating that he is the killer's voice
the two men approached cindy ray shows
cindy's father tied up they reveal that
they will act as the survivors of the
killer's revenge and so rey stabs bobby
although maybe a bit too much however
rey gets penetrated from behind by the
killer the killer chases cindy but they
fight like a fighting scene in the
matrix after defeating the killer cindy
unties her father cindy immediately runs
outside only to find that the killer is
nowhere to be found prompting cindy to
scream in frustration cindy tells a
police officer that it must be the guy
they hit with a car last halloween
shortly after doofy arrived to deliver
some papers leaving immediately in a
sudden realization
cindy proclaims that the killer must be
doofy because no one would suspect him
they then try to find doofy but he is
nowhere to be found outside the police
station doofy starts to change his
demeanor he takes off his mustache to
reveal that he's actually normal as he
rides in a car with a still alive gale
the movie ends with doofy leaving the
evidence at the road with cindy shouting
at the sky
and then getting hit by a car thank you
so much for watching if you enjoyed this
video please hit the like button and
also subscribe to my channel for more
videos like this see you in the next
video